{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 International Publications
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Nha Tran, Hung Nguyen, Dat Ly, Khanh Ngo, Hien D. Nguyen. (2025). 
\f2\i Advancing Violence Detection with Graph-Based Skeleton Motion Analysis
\f1\i0 . Submitted to 
\f2\i SN Computer Science
\f1\i0  (Scopus Q2). Status: Under Review.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Hoang Nguyen, Du Nguyen, Tinh Nguyen, Khanh Ngo, Nha Tran, Hung Nguyen, Hien D. Nguyen. (2026). 
\f2\i Semantic Adaptive Graph Convolutional Network for Efficient Body-Part Skeleton Action Recognition
\f1\i0 . In 
\f2\i 39th International Conference on Industrial, Engineering & Other Applications of Applied Intelligent Systems (IEA/AIE 2026)
\f1\i0 . Rank: CORE C. Status: Accepted.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Phi Ta, Khanh Ngo, Hung Nguyen, Dinh Chong, Hau Vo, Hien D. Nguyen. (2025). 
\f2\i I-DINO: An Enhanced Transformer-Based Approach for Robust Underwater Object Detection
\f1\i0 . Submitted to 
\f2\i Signal Processing: Image Communication
\f1\i0  (Scopus Q2 / SCIE). Status: Under Review.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Khanh Ngo, Phi Ta, Nha Tran, Hien D. Nguyen, Hung Nguyen. (2025). 
\f2\i Hierarchical Multimodal Cross-Interactive Learning for School Violence Detection
\f1\i0 . Submitted to 
\f2\i Applied Soft Computing
\f1\i0  (Scopus Q1 / SCIE). Status: Major Revision.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \strokec2 Domestic Publications
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Nguyen Viet Hung, Ta Cong Phi, Le Tan Loc, Ngo Quang Khanh, Tran Thanh Nha. (2025). 
\f2\i C-ViDNet: A Model for Supporting Violence Detection in Schools
\f1\i0 . 
\f2\i Journal of Science, Ho Chi Minh City University of Education
\f1\i0 , 22(5). Status: Published.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ngo Quang Khanh, Duong Thi Thu Diem, Tran Thanh Nha, Nguyen Viet Hung. (2025). 
\f2\i PMI-NET: Pose-Guided Multimodal Attention for Violence Detection
\f1\i0 . 
\f2\i Ho Chi Minh City University of Education Journal of Science
\f1\i0 . Status: Accepted.\
}